README.md, before:

# nodeneeds
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/chandu1310/nodeneeds-cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/chandu1310/nodeneeds-cli)
[![npm latest version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/nodeneeds-cli/latest.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodeneeds-cli)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/fad88d02dc9d734289b8/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/chandu1310/nodeneeds-cli/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/fad88d02dc9d734289b8/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/chandu1310/nodeneeds-cli/test_coverage)

nodeneeds is an out of the box node module which can be used to get started on building a NPM package with all the
best practicies. The features supported include:
- Coding Standard (ES6, ESLint)
- Testing Framework (Chai, Mocha & Sinon.JS)
- Code Management (Git, Conventional Commits, Changelog)
- Continuos Integration Support (Travis CI)
- Quality Analysis (Code Climate)


## Credits
[Chandra Shekar Chennamsetty](https://github.com/chandu1310)

Commit message:

chore(): Usage Instructions Updated in README

README.md, after:

# nodeneeds
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/chandu1310/nodeneeds-cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/chandu1310/nodeneeds-cli)
[![npm latest version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/nodeneeds-cli/latest.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodeneeds-cli)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/fad88d02dc9d734289b8/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/chandu1310/nodeneeds-cli/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/fad88d02dc9d734289b8/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/chandu1310/nodeneeds-cli/test_coverage)

nodeneeds is an out of the box node module which can be used to get started on building a NPM package with all the
best practicies. 

The features supported include:
- Coding Standard (ES6, ESLint)
- Testing Framework (Chai, Mocha & Sinon.JS)
- Code Management (Git, Conventional Commits, Changelog)
- Continuos Integration Support (Travis CI)
- Quality Analysis (Code Climate)

# Usage
Install nodeneeds cli as a global command and invoke it as "nodeneeds".
It will guide through the process of selecting the type of node app you want to create and other details. 
Finally it bootstaps a new app for you in the current directory with the given name. 
Once created you have a bunch of commands that you can run to test, manage and publish/deploy the package.

Have fun!

## Credits
[Chandra Shekar Chennamsetty](https://github.com/chandu1310)
